Hello and welcome to this art tutorial.
So in a previous tutorial we just pre-processed our data set to make it ready for our logistic regression
model that we will fit on the training sets.
So that's what we're going to do in this tutorial.
And let's do it right now.
So it's going to be very simple.
We're just going to create our classifier equals and then we're going to use an existing function of
our go the G.L. and function that is going to build this logistic regression classifier.
So let's type here G L M and then let's press F 1 to see what parameters we have to input.
OK so the first thing we see is that GM is for generalized linear models and that's because the logistic
regression is a linear classifier for those of you who didn't follow the Python tutorial you will see
that our logistic regression classifier will linearly separate our two classes of users.
And then let's look at the arguments to see where we have to input.
All right so the first argument is formula.
So that's the same as what we did in the regression section.
Here we're going to write formula equals and then we take the dependent variable which is purchased
then out plus N and then here a dot to specify that we want to take all the independent variables.
So that way are understands that we want to predict the pre-Chase result based on all the independent
variables which are the age and the estimated salary.
All right.
Now what is the next argument.
So let's come here enter and let's add the second argument.
So the second argument is family and here since we are in logistic regression we are going to add family
equals binomial.
So at this stage it's not important to understand what binomial means exactly but you just have to remember
that for logistic regression you have to specify the binomial family here and then we just need to input
one last argument.
It's the data here which is the data on which you want to train your logistic regression model.
So of course that's our training set.
So we're going to add here data equals training set.
Here we go.
Here it is.
OK.
And that's it by only using this deal in function and resizing the formula the family and the fact that
we're building the model on the training set that builds our logistic regression classifier.
So now let's see like this come on control plus enter to execute.
And here we go the classifier is built.
OK so that's it for this tutorial we finished logistic regression to the trainset and then the next
tutorial we will be predicting the test results using this classifier that we just built.
All right thank you for watching this tutorial.
I look forward to seeing you in the next one.
And until then enjoy machine learning.